add note about `DNS_NAME_PATTERNS_TO_RESOLVE_UPSTREAM` in EKS docs (#968)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/elastic-kubernetes-service/index.md

  Normal  Pulled     10s   kubelet            Successfully pulled image "localhost.localstack.cloud:4510/fancier-nginx:latest" in 2.412775896s
```

{{< alert title="Note">}}

> To pull public Docker images from `registry.k8s.io`, you can configure `DNS_NAME_PATTERNS_TO_RESOLVE_UPSTREAM=prod-registry-k8s-io-.*\.s3\.dualstack\..*\.amazonaws\.com` in your [configuration]({{< ref "configuration" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public Docker images from `registry.k8s.io` can be pulled without additional configuration from EKS nodes, but if you pull images from any other locations that resolve to S3 you can configure `DNS_NAME_PATTERNS_TO_RESOLVE_UPSTREAM=<bucket-name>\.s3.*\.amazonaws\.com` in your [configuration]({{< ref "configuration" >}}).
```

??
